<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                template="./template/defaultTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

    <ui:define name="content" >
        <style>
            .backgroundImage1{
                width:70%;
                height: 30%;
                text-align: center;
                padding:2%;
                font-size:1.3em;
                background: url("resources/images/colourful-umbrella.jpg");
                background-repeat: no-repeat;
                background-size: 1100px 600px;            
                background-position: center;
            }

        </style>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="default.css" />

        <h1 style="text-align:center;" class="pageHeader">About Us</h1>
        <br/>
        <div style="margin-left: 20%;">
            <div class="backgroundImage1"></div>
        </div>

        <p class="bodyText" style="letter-spacing:1px; width:60%;line-height:2.5; margin-left:auto; margin-right:auto; font-family: sans-serif; text-align: justify;">
            Moolah was founded by a group of University students who recognized the difficulty in deciding which financial products are truly beneficial for them. As such, when given the opportunity to work on a project, they decided to create Moolah to facilitate youths in their financial planning process. 

            Along the way, many challenges were faced as it was their first time working on such a large-scale project. In fact, due to the limited financial knowledge that they possess, it made it even tougher. However, after much research and hard work, they have finally succeeded in meeting their goals.

            Moolah hopes to provide a platform for youths to make wise and informed decisions for themselves.
        </p>
        <h4 style="letter-spacing:1px; width:60%;line-height:2.5; margin-left:auto; margin-right:auto;">
            Please visit call us at 65-6112 3345 (24 hours hotline) or you can look up us at 10 Shenton Way, Singapore 079117.

        </h4>

        <div id='map' style='width: 60%; height: 300px; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; padding-bottom: 5%'></div>
        <script>
            mapboxgl.accessToken = 'pk.eyJ1IjoibmljaG9sYXMtZyIsImEiOiJja2F3bWwyaW4yY3k1MnFwbHc2NnBrczdiIn0.q4cbqA1DZqSxOeitgcs-wg';
            var map = new mapboxgl.Map({
                container: 'map', // container ID
                style: 'mapbox://styles/mapbox/streets-v11', // style URL
                center: [103.8464, 1.2746], // starting position [lng, lat]
                zoom: 17 // starting zoom
            });

            // Set options
            var marker = new mapboxgl.Marker({
                color: "#800000",
                draggable: false
            }).setLngLat([103.8464, 1.2746])
                    .addTo(map);


            var markerHeight = 50, markerRadius = 10, linearOffset = 25;
            var popupOffsets = {
                'top': [0, 0],
                'top-left': [0, 0],
                'top-right': [0, 0],
                'bottom': [0, -markerHeight],
                'bottom-left': [linearOffset, (markerHeight - markerRadius + linearOffset) * -1],
                'bottom-right': [-linearOffset, (markerHeight - markerRadius + linearOffset) * -1],
                'left': [markerRadius, (markerHeight - markerRadius) * -1],
                'right': [-markerRadius, (markerHeight - markerRadius) * -1]
            };
            var popup = new mapboxgl.Popup({offset: popupOffsets, className: 'my-class'})
                    .setLngLat([103.8464, 1.2746])
                    .setHTML("<h5> Moolah is here! </h5>")
                    .setMaxWidth("200px")
                    .addTo(map);
        </script>



        <br/>
        <br/>
        <br/>
    </ui:define>



</ui:composition>
